---
button:
  enable: true
  label: DOWNLOAD MY CV
  link: '#'
custom_attributes: ""
custom_class: ""
custom_css: ""
experience:
  enable: true
  experience_list:
  - company: IntelliSOFT Consulting Ltd (Part time)
    content:  Serve as a technical point person on mobile app development projects and provide technical design and user experience design as required. Participate and contribute to open-source software communities of practice and champion and promote the Principles of Digital Development e.g. FHIR Android SDK, OpenMRS, OpenHIE, DHIS2. Design and develop as per the client’s requests
    duration: 2022-Present
    name: Lead Software Developer
  - company: Konza Silicon Company (Full Time)
    content: Designing, building and configuring applications to meet business process and application requirements. Participate in daily stand-up meetings and involved with Scrum project estimation meetings on bi-weekly basis. Develop with agile development using the SCRUM methodology.
    duration: 2019-Present
    name: Lead Android Developer
  - company: Centafrique Ltd (Full-time)
    content:  Writing testable, scalable and efficient code and leading code reviews. Design, build and deploy software to different servers and publish advanced applications to the google play store. Developed REST based web services to fetch data from existing servers and serve the data to front-end and mobile developers using REST Apis.
    duration: 2018-2021
    name: Full Stack Developer
  title: EXPERIENCE
image: images/backgrounds/Njau.JPG
skill:
  enable: true
  skill_list:
  - name: Android App Development
    percentage: 98%
  - name: iOS App Development
    percentage: 56%
  - name: Web App Development
    percentage: 85%
  - name: Database Management
    percentage: 70%
  title: SKILL
title: KNOW MORE <br> ABOUT ME
---

I am David Njau, an ambitious Java Developer with years of experience in designing, developing and delivering user centric software applications using the Java programming language. Adept at using my strong expertise in multiple programming languages, including Java - Spring boot & Kotlin for developing both Android and back-end applications while using Java Templates, Javascript, HTML and XML for my front end applications.
I'm versed in following established methodologies such as Agile practices for software development among other set out procedures and working under little or no supervision. Offering technical expertise in programming analysis, application analysis and design. Excellent team player with in-depth knowledge of development tools and languages. Stay connected with me........😊